You are not allowed to leave after using it up today.
My Boyfriend
Hello
Didn't I tell you not to call me?
Am I delivering takeout during the day?
My mom needs care in the hospital
Why don't you go to the hospital and change my mom's diaper?
I'm out on a business trip
Wenwen, are you on a business trip?
Zhang Fang, let me tell you
Can you let me tell mom you can take care of it yourself
Don't bother me at work
I'm really good at writing fools
No, your boyfriend hasn't broken up yet.
Isn't this going to be divided soon?
A lot of money for fucking treatment is in my account
In this way, I don't have to be true to the queen in the future
Oops
The takeout I gave arrived.
It's easy to work when you're full
Brother Bin, where am I going?
slowly
Didn't you go on a business trip?
How does it end here?
Zhang San, why do you care so much?
Send you takeout, you idiot
Hello
You can match my boyfriend with this one
You actually green me
Look at your poverty
Isn't it a green turtle?
Japanese I like you so much
Do I do something I'm sorry for you?
So what if you are nice to me?
Look at your poverty
From head to toe, what is worse than a soldier?
Okay, okay.
Stop arguing.
Your girlfriend takes care of herself for two days
I'll pay you back when I run out.
I'll fucking kill you
Dare to fuck me
This one.
You are not good for me
But your father and my mother have money to pay you back from the surgery.
My mom is still waiting on the operating table